dbt-materialize: release 1.7.5 (#26063)
MaterializeInc/materialize: misc/dbt-materialize/CHANGELOG.md

# dbt-materialize Changelog

## 1.7.5 - 2024-03-15

* `deploy_init(ignore_existing_objects)` now automatically copies the default

>    privileges and exisitng grants of exisiting clusters and schemas to their

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   privileges and existing grants of existing clusters and schemas to their
```
